okay welcome to part two the big boy
toys collection now starting off just
got over here we've got airplanes in the
12-inch figures now this we got
somewhere in Italy very awesomely
detailed it our own for yourselves you
got your name launcher 50 cals saw three
bazookas I just think it's just armor
down then we've got our two personal own
Rangers it's kind of a night out he's
got an mp5k silenced which is awesome
now we're going on to our another little
bird comes with the rockets and chain
gun we just don't have the propellers
and over here we've got the ultimate
Ranger I mean this is just awesome idea
then we've got this guy over here
Barrett 50 Cal awesome with a warbird
where we have damaged it
now moving up we've got the first
fighter jets ever in history one more -
and 62 in 216 sorry
and these are German made legacy model
then we've got p-51d mustang the one
night of save America and the Pacific
and European fuss be a big beautiful
doll then back here we've got some
pilots Gunners and pilot with the
Japanese focke-wulf 190s awesome right
here we got American of course it was
all the jeeps and everything
then we've got a really good
Messerschmitt German Spitfire and then
another day mr. sure
oh my gosh I don't even know where to
start
there are so many items to go with this
you've got this right here you got the
landing gear right here night-night
little sister loves us it's just awesome
it's like you've got sweet sound effects
with the engines minutes of characters
and then now we got our star lunch in my
favorite area my personal good it got
some 12-inch figures right here Anakin
Emperor Palpatine mace Windu and shot
team now with this Darth Maul it came
with Darth Vader
it was a six pack and then we've got
obi-wan my personal favorite that is not
the dark thing I'm talking about
that was a mixer between Anakin don't
figure then you've got Luke some custom
characters then my awesome Lego huge
Lego about five pounds of Legos
now we've got the toy axman's
since 6 inch scale with the y-wing and
the x intercept and we've got nice and
tight on with glow-in-the-dark blade and
we got our own custom-made clone trooper
episode three and a little bit more I
just got I love those
and then here's the 12-inch done stay on
second matter goes with the Darth Maul
there's a removable hand and helmet Han
Solo Luke Skywalker and Han Solo is dead
then we've got obi-wan I got that one
off of ebay and then more of my Star
Wars collection Lego now this is a
monster - this was my first Lego then
we've got the blonde angel Thunderbolt
it's another one Thunderbolt
then the awesome p38
they're gonna get one into our
instruments we've got my area the
percussion drum set
piano 12 12 string guitar and a six inch
or not six little sorry six string
guitar then we've got our Ibanez guitar
very nice love it
we got our amps it's on two pedals and
then over here you got my now starting
airsoft collection now this is my area I
just got into this so now signing out
for big boys toys